PROJECT::DB3005
TITLE::RPG Modeling Services (rpgmodeling.com)

DESCRIPTION::
The concept is to develop a profitable website that offers modeling services to all spectrums of the Gaming community, first to the RPG players and then to Cross-over RPG/Board Games, and finally Board Games proper.

ORIGIN::
The idea came about from a review of 4th Edition D&D rules, and how the designers had originally un-balanced certain abilites and weapons.  It occurred to me that the only way to truly understand the balance issues in a system that complex would be to actually model the system digitally so it could be simulated with modifications.

Additionally, I found that when I was creating an encounter for my own adventure, I had no idea as to how powerful a given creature would be compared to the complex character states I was introducing to that encounter.  Short of modeling the encounter and simulating it, anything else would be an educated but still potentially very inaccurate guess.

CREATION::
09SEP2017

BUILD_00::SCOPE::
A website offering Character Generation service for various modeling services

BUILD_01::SCOPE::
Kickstarter to model Hack Master 5th edition Character Generation with the following stretch goals:
1.  Add leveling services
2.  Add customized RPG System parameters to create custom Character Generation for home brew systems
3.  Format output to be compatible with Roll20 import APIs
4.  Add D&D 5th Ed support
5.  Add Pathfinder support
6.  Add Battletech support

BUILD_02::SCOPE::
Kickstarter to model Hack Master 5th ed combat in "toe-to-toe" low fidelity with the following stretch goals:
1.  Add 2d movement model
2.  Add AI models
3.  Add character strategy profiles to AI models
4.  Add gm/creature strategy profiles to AI models
5.  Add statistics reports
6.  Add variable fidelity to model runs/number of runs with confidence % metrics
7.  Add D&D 5th Ed support
8.  Add Pathfinder support
9.  Add Battletech support
10. Add Encounter Balance Metrics to establish Challenge Ratings

BUILD_03::SCOPE::
Kickstarter to model Travel logistics across long distances for Hack Master 5th ed with the following stretch goals:
1.  Add Wandering Monsters
2.  Add Terrain effects
3.  Add D&D 5th Ed support
4.  Add Pathfinder support
5.  Add Battletech support

BUILD_04::SCOPE::
Kickstarter to model hybrid RPG / Board game systems with the following stretch goals:
1.  Support Wrath of Ashkdelon
2.  Support Legend of Drizzt
3.  Support Pandemic Legacy

BUILD_00::STATUS::
Not Started

BUILD_01::STATUS::
Not Started 

BUILD_02::STATUS::
Not Started 

BUILD_03::STATUS::
Not Started 	